Added priceDefinition structure (#557)
vtex-apps/store-graphql: CHANGELOG.md

> ## [Unreleased]
> 
> ### Added
> - Added `priceDefinition` structure on OrderForm.graphql an `priceDefinition` typings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
### Added
- `priceDefinition` property to `OrderFormItem` type  on OrderForm.graphql.
- `priceDefinition` typings to `Checkout.ts`.

```
